Please join us on the lido deck
for our biggest party
Gatsby Night.
No, no, no, honey.
I'm just home alone.
Carol was supposed to come by,
but she hadn't even started
the reading for the book club.
Big surprise.
Uh, wh-- No. No, no.
This is-- I was--
The TV...
I-I'm just watching
a baking show.
And they're-they're
making soufflés,
and the judges just hate them.
It was hilarious.
Listen, honey, I have to go.
I love you,
and I'll talk to you soon.
Attention, guests,
reservations are open
for the Kids Club.
Because we all could use...
Hello?
Can someone help me, please?
I'd like to use the sauna.
Is someone in there?
I hope you don't mind sharing.
I'm coming in.
It's called Bandium
and it's gonna revolutionize
how we share information.
The platform's API's
already integrated
with the NCIS tip line.
And I have set up
custom channels
to organize each case.
Come again?
It's an app
for communicating.
Oh, I wasn't aware
we had issues,
- uh, communicating.
We don't.
But Bandium will make
communicating better digitally.
We'll be able to bounce ideas
off each other,
anywhere, anytime,
all in a virtual space.
Or we could just, you know...
talk to each other.
- Was this your idea?
No, no.
Not my idea at all.
But I'm telling you,
this couldn't hurt.
I've read a lot of
good things about Bandium.
I don't know, man.
I got enough crap on my phone.
All right, what the hell?
I will give it a shot.
Now, that's the spirit.
Okay, come on.
Come on.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
Ah, our first Bandium.
We got a body in a cruise ship.
That docked at Norfolk.
Look at that,
we're in business.
Working already.
I hate it when Parker's right.
Get used to it.
Victim here is Navy Commander
Roger Burrows.
60 years old.
He was a guest
on the cruise.
- Who found him?
- Another guest.
She was here for the sauna.
Most of this place was empty,
though.
The other passengers and crew
were on the other side
of the ship
attending a party.
Nothing like this
ever happens here.
I mean, this is
a five-star cruise line.
We pride ourselves on having
the highest safety rating
in the business.
Tell that to the dead guy.
The sauna must have
malfunctioned.
It's just a horrible,
tragic accident.
Maybe.
But I don't know too many people
- who wear a tux to the sauna.
- No.
But, uh, guests have been known
to drink
and wander into the wrong cabin.
All right, well,
we'll need to look at
- the ship's surveillance footage.
- Of course.
Of course, but, um...
no cameras in the spa.
You know, it's, uh,
guest privacy.
You understand that.
Looks like your five-star
security has a blind spot, then.
Oh, there you are.
Been wandering
all over this place.
You know this thing has
ten decks,
four swimming pools.
I'd like to take Victoria
on a cruise, you know,
but she gets so seasick.
I know the feeling.
Ah, not a big fan of boats,
either, Parker?
- No.
- Well, that's not gonna be
a problem on this job.
Let's see,
what do we have here?
I've got second-degree burns
on at least his face
and his hands.
Signs of severe dehydration.
This poor guy literally cooked
in there.
So the sauna killed him.
No, not-- not necessarily.
No, you see, he's got
these two stab wounds
in his neck.
Likely severed
his carotid artery.
Then where's all the blood?
Uh, we have
some faint smear here.
More streaks there.
Looks like somebody tried
cleaning it up.
So Burrows was stabbed before
he was stuffed in the sauna.
Wait a minute,
wait a minute.
Uh, stabbed?
Are you saying
he was murdered?
I need this ship locked down.
No guest or crew member is
allowed on or off
until they're cleared.
But we're set to depart on
another trip tomorrow morning.
Not anymore.
We'll need access
to Burrows' cabin.
I also want to interview
the guest who found the body.
What's her name?
Um...
Judy Price.
Cabin 7024.
Wait, did you just say
Judy Price?
Mid-60s, white hair,
talks a lot?
Um, yeah, yeah,
that's right.
- Oh, boy.
Tim. Hey.
Slow down, man.
What's going on?
Dude.
Tim.
Oh, thank God you're here.
Okay, so you know each other.
Nick, I want to introduce you
to Judy Price Fielding,
my mother-in-law.
Oh, it was awful.
It was just awful.
Judy... Every time I close my eyes,
I-I see that
burnt up face staring at me.
Judy.
Okay, I can't do this.
There's just
too much negative energy.
I've got to, like,
clear my mind, be here now.
Judy.
Ah.
Where are my chakra stones?
- Judy. Judy.
- What?
Sit down for me, okay?
What are you doing here?
The security officer told me
to come back to my cabin
and wait.
She said something to do with
contaminating the crime scene?
No, no, no. I mean here,
as in on the cruise ship.
Oh. I'm-I'm just vacationing,
of course.
Okay, you realize you never
told me and Delilah
that you were going
on a cruise, right?
I didn't?
Could've sworn I did.
Oh, I guess it slipped my mind.
You know how we old people are.
You talked to Delilah
on the phone last night.
Told her you were at home
watching a baking show.
Okay. I just didn't want Delilah
to know about this whole cruise.
You know how she gets.
No, I mean, I love my daughter.
I love her to death,
but she can be
just so overly protective.
You know, she panics
the moment I'm out of range.
But getting back to
our murder investigation,
we do have some questions we
need to ask you, Mrs. Fielding.
Oh, Judy.
Please.
Everyone calls me Judy.
Okay, Judy. Uh...
The man you found in the sauna,
his name was Roger Burrows.
Yes, they told me that
last night.
Horrible.
Had you seen him
on board at all?
Maybe talked to him?
Maybe once or twice, you know,
like, on the deck.
Just a few hellos.
So, is that it?
Am I done?
Well, we're, uh, we're gonna
need a written statement first,
but, uh, w-we should be able
to release you soon after that.
Okay. This whole thing
of me being on a cruise,
that could just stay
between us, right?
Because there's no reason
to bother Delilah with it.
Judy,
you know I can't do that.
Of course
I have to tell Delilah.
Okay, okay.
I'm just worried about
how she'll react.
You think?
No, of course I didn't know
about the cruise.
I just found out
about it myself.
I understand. I have no idea why
she didn't tell you, Delilah.
Yes. Okay. Yes.
Yes.
Yes. Yes.
No. Yes.
Yes, okay.
Bye.
Delilah didn't take it well?
Dude, 2,000 people on that ship,
and Delilah's mother is
the one that finds the body.
What's the beef between them?
Well, you met Judy.
You know, she's...
a very free spirit type.
And Delilah's not down
with it?
Well, it's not that, it's...
Ever since Delilah's dad died,
she feels like she's got to be
protective over Judy.
Right? And sometimes
she goes a little overboard.
Case of, uh,
helicopter daughtering.
Hmm, mothering the mama.
It's like last year,
Judy wanted to go skydiving,
Delilah's freaking out.
I try and intervene.
End up sleeping on the couch.
Well, then, for your sake,
I hope this case ends very soon.
What's going on?
My Bandium's been silent.
No one has anything to share?
Not one little post?
I'm dealing
with my mother-in-law.
And my app keeps crashing.
And I'm just not into it.
Guys, I'm telling you,
this Bandium is a game changer.
Okay.
Where are we with the case?
Navy Commander Roger Burrows,
60. No living family.
He was on deployment
for three months.
Returned two weeks ago.
And he chose to spend
his free time back on a ship?
That's odd.
You're gonna love
what I found in his cabin.
Wireless spy cameras
with night vision,
transmitters, bugs.
Just a little extreme
for your average tourist.
- Anything on the cameras?
- Don't know.
Memory cards were removed,
so there's no way of knowing
what he was using them for.
I can take a guess.
He was spying on the guests
in their rooms.
A Peeping Tom?
People hide cameras
in hotel rooms all the time.
Then they turn around and sell
the footage on the dark web.
Maybe somebody caught Burrows
peeping and killed him for it.
That's a big maybe.
Torres, Knight,
get back to the ship.
Find someone
who actually talked to Burrows.
And don't forget to post updates
on Bandium.
This is illegal.
You can't keep us here.
- We're already underpaid.
- Christopher,
take your pay up with corporate.
I'm doing everything in my power
to get everyone released.
Yeah. This sucks.
I-I swear, this is the last time
I work for Zenith.
Captain Finch?
NCIS Special Agents
Knight, Torres.
Looks like you've got a mutiny
- on your hands.
- Entertainers.
It's always drama with them.
They're complaining
about missing gigs on land.
The ship lockdown is
getting to people, huh?
And every minute it continues,
the further behind we fall
on our turnaround schedule.
So tell me,
how can I help you help me?
We spoke to
your activities director.
She said that you had dinner
with Commander Burrows
two nights ago?
Every evening,
we invite a few guests
to have dinner
at the captain's table.
Oh, it's like, uh,
like The Love Boat.
Capitán Stubing.
Yeah, I used to watch the show
in Spanish with my mom.
Do you remember speaking
with Burrows?
Yeah. Yeah, he stood out
from the crowd we usually get.
How so?
He was very curious
about the ship.
He asked a lot of questions.
What kind of questions?
Mostly about security measures,
restricted access,
our cameras.
And you didn't find that as odd?
He told me he'd done some
surveillance work in the Navy.
Figured he was just curious.
The burns,
comma, punctures...
No, no, not "coma."
No, I-I said "comma."
Okay, uh, um, uh, delete.
No, d-don't type "delete."
Deleting all.
- Oh. Agent Parker.
I didn't see you there. Ha.
I was just, uh, posting
an update to the Bandium app.
How's that going for you?
It's not great,
uh, if I'm being honest.
But not to worry,
I am game to make it work.
Not, not "twerk."
-"Twerk," definition:
- Um...
sexually provocative danceOkay, forget it.
with thrusting... Stop recording.
Stop recording.
Don't type "stop recording."
I...
- Pause.
- Thank you.
Got anything yet?
Time of death?
Yeah. Well, it's tricky.
Uh, TOD is
generally determined
by a loss of body heat
postmortem, but...
Burrows' body cooked
- in the sauna.
- Right.
So our temperatures are pretty
much worthless, but, um...
However, uh, Knight checked in
with the spa
and was able to determine
a time line
between when the last person
left the spa
and when Mrs. Fielding
found the body.
We're looking at
between 7:00 and 10:00 p.m.
What about cause?
That is where it gets
interesting.
Uh, Burrows has two stab wounds
on his carotid artery here.
But the jabs are unusual.
They're small,
exactly one inch apart
and one inch deep.
You know, just like, uh...
Fangs?
Doesn't feel right, Mom.
After what you've been through,
you shouldn't be alone.
Delilah, I told you, it's fine.
Well, I would really feel better
if you stayed with us tonight.
And the twins would love
to see you.
I see what you're doing there.
I'll see the kids
this weekend, okay?
I just-- really just want
to sleep in my own bed.
Tim, don't you think
we should bring Mom home?
I-I...
Oh, Tim has a lot of work to do.
We don't want to bother him.
No. Tim wouldn't be bothered.
Would you, Tim?
Well, to be honest with you...
He's already driven us
all the way over here.
Well, then he can drive
all the way back.
I've got an idea.
Judy, how about you stay
at the condo tonight
and we will check in on her
first thing in the morning.
I think that's
a terrific idea.
Sweetheart,
I will see you
tomorrow, then.
A-And call me tonight
before you, you know, go to bed,
or... Just so I know
you're okay, and... Oh, okay.
- Okay.
- At least let us get you settled
inside.
Oh, totally unnecessary.
In fact,
the alarm company set me up
with this really
nifty program
that turns my alarm off for me.
Look, see?
Wha...
Hey, Kasie.
- Any news on the McGees?
- All fine.
They went to the hospital
just to be safe.
- The doctor cleared them.
- Thank God.
That bomb took out most of
Judy's living room.
How's she taking it?
Remarkably well.
Said it gave her
a reason to remodel.
Okay.
Well, that Mama Fielding is
one tough lady.
Man, if somebody bombed
my place...
Second thought, I hate my place.
I wish somebody would bomb it.
Uh, you find anything here?
Just your standard IED.
Parts could've come
from any local hardware store.
Nothing that'll help
us ID the bomber.
What set it off?
It was wired to Judy's alarm.
So when she used her app
to turn it off...
Kaboom.
Mm-hmm.
Knight said she talked
to the condo manager.
The manager said he let some guy
into Judy's condo yesterday.
The guy claimed to be
from the alarm company.
So, Commander Burrows
is murdered,
and then 24 hours later,
Judy's condo explodes.
- Yeah. Can't be a coincidence.
- The question is
why target Judy?
I might have an answer for that,
but you're not gonna like it.
I found a set of prints
in Burrows' cabin.
- They weren't his.
- Whose were they?
This should
be interesting.
Tim.
What am I doing in here?
Well..
Judy, you, uh, you haven't
been entirely truthful with us.
Are you talking about
the cruise thing?
- I said I'm sorry.
- No, no, no.
This is about
Commander Burrows.
You told us you really
didn't know him.
That's true.
Okay, then why did we find
your print
on a wine glass in his cabin?
Well...
it must've been
the housekeeper.
She probably took a glass
from my cabin,
and then she just put it
back in his
without cleaning it properly.
Really?
Okay, okay.
Okay.
We... we met on the second day
of the cruise.
We hit it off.
We spent some time together.
One thing led to another...
Oh, oh, okay....and then he took me
back to his cabin
- Oh, boy. Oh, okay.
- Then we...
No, I'm good, I'm good.
- You know, we...
were intimate with each other.
No, no, no. I got-- I...
Would it help the investigation
if I went into more detail?
No, no, no.
- No, it would not.
- Yeah, I'm out.
That's it.
I'm out.
Judy.
Why did you not tell us this
- before?
- It's personal.
I don't understand
what's the big deal anyway.
The big deal is that this is
a homicide investigation,
and you knowing the victim is
a very important piece of
information for us to have.
Oh... I'm sorry.
Well, you know, I just didn't
want Delilah to know about it
and think I was being slutty.
Judy, whatever issues you have
with Delilah,
they're not important right now.
Someone tried to kill you, and
we need to figure out why, okay?
I just... I don't know
how I can help with this.
Did Commander Burrows tell you
anything?
Did, uh... did he say
anything that might explain
what he was doing on the ship?
I think he said something about
having a niece,
and that she had passed away.
Burrows didn't have
any next of kin.
Woman Burrows was talking about
was named Allison Howell.
Daughter of an old
family friend.
Was like a niece to him.
Guess where Allison worked?
- Zenith Cruise Line ship.
- She worked there
as a waitress
until three months ago,
when she fell
off the top deck
- and died.
- Ship had another death?
We talked to her attorney.
Turns out the family tried suing
for wrongful death,
but the coroner ruled it
an accident.
- And it wasn't?
- Don't know.
There was never
a real investigation.
This happens a lot
on cruise ships.
About 20 or so people die
or vanish each year,
and there's never really
a follow-up.
They just kind of sweep it
- under the rug.
- And let me guess.
The cruise line is
never held accountable.
All right, so if Allison died
suspiciously,
maybe Burrows was on the ship
investigating her death.
Maybe he found something
and that's what got him killed.
Okay. But why target Judy?
Killer could've seen them
together
and think that
she knows something.
All right, let's dig
into Allison's death.
Find somebody on the ship
who knew her.
In the meantime,
Judy's life is still in danger.
She needs protective custody.
Good luck
with that, bro.
Where do you want these?
Oh, just follow me back here.
Look, all I'm saying
is that I wish
I could see the twins.
Your life is in danger, Mom.
Your condo exploded.
The kids are with Tim's sister
until we know
our place isn't next.
I'm not convinced, though,
that this was not a gas leak.
Mm. This is for you.
A gift?
- Mm-hmm.
- Thank you.
Oh, honey, I love this.
You have always had
the best taste.
Thank you, Mom.
It's got a hidden
panic button
on the back that you push...
Wait, wait.
- A hidden what? What, what?
- Panic button.
You push it twice,
and it immediately sends
a text alert to Tim and me
with your GPS location... My location?
Delilah,
I'm in your house.
Where am I gonna go?
Hey, appreciate all the help,
Jimmy. Thanks, pal.
Don't mention it.
I have had my share
of in-law drama.
Uh, anyway, I should, um...
What? No, no.
You can't leave yet. No.
What do you mean?
Where are you going?
We-we got to hang out.
Uh, that's okay.
No, I-I really got to get back.
I'll get you a drink.
We got a Fresca.
You want a Fresca?
Fine, if it'll make you happy
- I'll wear it.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
- Be strong, my friend.
Where on earth
did you get this rug?
The shop on the corner of 7th.
The one with all the antiques?
- That place is horrendous.
What?
Wait, why?
Delilah, the owner tried
to rip me off.
Well, he seemed nice enough
to me.
No, he's a monster.
I'm missing dinner service
on the ship.
My manager is gonna kill me.
We'll try not to keep you.
How well did you know
Allison Howell?
Uh, we were hired together
as assistant waitresses.
Didn't know that
waitresses had assistants.
They do on cruises.
Someone's got to shuttle...
[phones buzzing]thousands of...
...plates to, um...
I'm sorry,
that's really annoying.
Maybe you should
take that or...
No, no, it's, um...
It's this new app.
Yeah, we're still trying to get
the hang of it.
Okay, sorry about that.
Continue.
Oh, I was just saying
my job sucks.
People think it's glamorous
working on a cruise
because you get to travel.
But really we're
like glorified servants.
- Did Allison feel the same way?
- Yeah.
At first.
And things changed?
A month before she died, uh...
Allison somehow had more money.
Like a lot more
than the cruise pays.
Any idea how she got
all that cash?
She never told me.
But there is one person
who might know.
Allison used to disappear
for hours in-between shifts.
I always thought
she was seeing a guy.
- Do you know who?
- No.
Relationships on board
are discouraged.
But if you want to know
what happened to Allison,
he'd be the one to ask.
You are being ridiculous.
I don't think so.
Uh, Tim, can you weigh in
on this, please?
Be happy, be calm.
- Be centered.
- Tim!
Be one with the uni... Yeah. Sorry.
Can you please explain
to my mother
why she can't throw a party
at our house right now?
It's not a party.
It's just a few friends
coming over for book club.
You cannot have guests, Mom.
You're under protective custody.
Feels more
like prison to me.
Tim, uh, can you please?
I can't.
Judy, she's right, okay?
We-- You got to take this
more seriously.
I am.
I'm wearing this little
panic button thingy,
and I'm staying away from
the windows like Delilah wanted.
And this whole thing
is very stressful.
Look, I understand,
but you got to listen to her.
Okay? We're trying
to protect you here.
By locking me up?
Oh, that's my food.
You ordered food?
Well, of course.
You expect me to have guests
and not serve them food?
I wasn't raised in a barn.
Hold on, I'll get it.
I'm gonna go set up the table.
You don't know
where anything is.
Huh.
Parker, hey.
Thought I'd swing by,
see how you're holding up.
I wasn't criticizing... Please, come on in.
- Yeah.
Well, you know,
things are, uh...
Oh, you don't like
the way I cook dinner?
Let's talk about
how you cook dinner.
Not good.
Things are not good.
Figured as much.
Not easy dealing with in-laws.
You ever been married?
Once.
Didn't work out.
I'm still trying
to figure out why.
Got a delivery
for Judy Fielding.
Yeah, send it on up.
Judy ordered food.
She's driving Delilah crazy,
which is driving me crazy,
and I have no idea what to do.
Look, whatever you're dealing
with, none of my business,
but I come from a big family,
like Brady Bunch big.
And one thing I know,
you can't play Switzerland
forever.
Hmm.
Hey, you want to stay
for dinner, maybe?
Could use the backup.
I could eat.
Hey. Oh. You know what?
Hold on one second,
let me get you a tip.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Down, down!
On the ground, now!
Oh, oh.
- Get down, get down.
- Don't shoot!
- On the ground!
- Hands! Let's see some hands!
Hands!
Don't shoot.
I just want to talk to her.
Harold?
Judy, you know this guy?
Know me? We were engaged.
You have a fiancé?
Well, technically, ex-fiancé.
We broke up a month ago.
We? You're the one
that wanted "space."
Quiet. We'll get to you
in a minute.
Judy, how long were you engaged?
About six months.
- Ah. Oh, my God.
- Okay, were...
were you planning
on telling us
any of this at any point?
I was,
but then we broke up,
so I figured what's the point?
"What is the point?"
What's the point?
The point, Mom,
I am your daughter.
Don't you think you should've
shared that with us?
Okay, lover boy.
Your turn.
If you two broke up,
what are you doing here?
I'm-I'm trying to
patch things up.
I heard from Judy's neighbor
that she was staying here.
But when I saw
all the security outside,
I didn't think
I couldn't get in.
I was gonna leave,
but then I saw the delivery guy.
So, you borrowed the delivery
guy's jacket to sneak in here?
You almost got shot.
Would've been worth it
just to see her again.
Harold. It's over.
Please,
give me one more chance.
I'm so sorry,
but I met someone else
on the cruise.
Granted, he was murdered,
but still, I've moved on.
Fine.
Then I want the bag back.
You gave me that as a gift.
Yeah, a very
expensive gift.
Now that you've dumped me...
do you know how much I could get
for that on eBay?
- Mom, why don't yougive him
the bag back so we can just
end this night already?
All right. All right.
What is that?
I don't know.
I've never seen it before.
Judy, that bag ever been
out of your possession?
No, uh...
Well, except for when I went
to the bathroom, but...
Which I did in Roger's cabin.
Do you think that he put that
in there, my bag?
A playing card?
The Joker, to be specific.
And we're sure Commander Burrows
put it there.
We ran the writing
on the envelope
against a handwriting sample
of his.
It was a direct match.
- So, what does the card mean?
- Don't know yet.
- Kasie is still analyzing.
- But we're thinking
that Burrows was running
his own investigation.
He was looking into
the death of a family friend,
and he might've found something
and left the clue
with Judy for safekeeping.
But why Judy?
She told him that
her son-in-law worked
for NCIS.
Maybe Burrows thought that
if something happened
to him, we'd be able to
finish what he started.
So, all this is connected
to Allison Howell's death
three months ago?
Jimmy looked into
her autopsy report.
She fell from a top balcony
and broke her neck.
But amongst the bones that
she broke was her hyoid bone.
Which is most commonly broken
in victims of strangulation.
So, the accident was staged.
Any idea who staged it?
Her boyfriend
might be involved.
We haven't IDed him yet,
but we're working on it.
Well, work faster.
My phone's been ringing
off the hook all morning.
Turns out the CEO
of Zenith Cruise Line
has some very powerful friends.
Let me guess,
he wants the ship released.
Every day it's docked
is costing him a fortune.
If he doesn't like it,
tell him people should
stop dying on his boat.
I'll give him the message.
Until then, the sooner
we close this, the better.
I can hold him off,
but I don't know how long.
Mmm.
Good pancakes, Judy.
Amazing.
Chocolate chips, awesome.
Super fluffy, too.
I don't know how you do that.
How do you make them
super fluffy like that?
Careful, Tim.
You're asking Mom to reveal
another one of her secrets.
This is ridiculous.
Tim, don't you have
another place
where I can go
and be in protective custody?
I really don't
feel safe here.
Oh, now you care
about being safe?
Will you stop being
so overdramatic?
Oh, my God. Enough. Guys.
Seriously.
Listen to me right now.
Delilah, I love you.
But you've got to give
your mother some space.
I know that
you are being
protective over her,
but she is a grown woman.
She can take care
of herself.
Tim,
what are you talking about?
Her life is in danger.
I'm not talking about
the current situation.
Delilah,
ever since your father died,
you've been a little too
overprotective over your mother.
That's not true.
Really? How about when
you went through her emails?
Wha...
You did that?
Uh...
Do you know how many scams
target senior citizens?
I was looking out
for her.
Oh, God.
But it was an invasion
of her privacy.
Thank you, Tim.
She is way too overprotective.
Judy, I'm not
done here. Listen.
You need to stop hiding things
from Delilah.
She's your daughter.
She just wants to be
a part of your life.
Please don't shut her out.
- I don't shut her out.
- Really?
Okay, maybe a little.
Here's the deal.
You two need to learn
how to communicate
with each other
without me being involved, okay?
So neither of you are
gonna leave this table
until you are done listening
to what the other has to say.
Okay?
All right.
- Nick?
- Yeah.
Is this a cry for help?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Your Bandium post?
"You know what I think
Parker should do with his app?
He can..."
And I won't read
the rest out loud
because I am a lady.
I'm just venting.
Then why is it a public post?
What?
Everyone can see this.
Including Parker.
See? This is why
I hate these apps.
Okay. Delete.
All right, there.
Boom, gone.
All good.
Unless Parker read it
before you deleted it.
Oh, well, he's a big boy.
I'm pretty sure
he can handle it.
He is technically
your boss, though.
I mean, if it were me,
I'd still talk to Parker
and just explain it.
Explain what?
That we have an
update on IDing
Allison Howell's boyfriend.
Oh? What's the update?
We can't ID him.
I mean,
not yet, at least.
I have looked through her emails
and her hard drives,
and so far, nothing.
And I talked
to the rest
of her coworkers on the ship.
Dead end.
Well, maybe not for long.
McGee,
what are you doing here?
Yeah.
Shouldn't you be at home
in case more of Judy's exes
stop by?
Well, I got two extra
agents there.
Should be okay.
So, anyway,
I was at home,
uploading information
to the Bandium app, right?
Got to thinking,
what if the staff
on the ship had
their own version
of a Bandium-like app?
A way for them to communicate
with each other?
You had me at Bandium.
Talked to Allison's coworker.
Turns out the staff
has their own
version of an online
message board.
Look what I found.
"Miss you. Meet you
at the same place. CB."
Could be Allison's boyfriend.
Check his initials
- with the staff directory.
Done.
C.B. could stand
for Christopher Blaze.
He's listed as an entertainer
aboard the ship.
I saw this guy talking
to the captain.
He seemed in quite a hurry
to get off that ship.
Oh, I just found something.
Looking at Christopher Blaze's
website right now.
Turns out, he is not just
an entertainer,
he is a magician.
And guess what his specialty is?
Card tricks.
What am I doing here?
- We have a magic
trick for you.
Voilà.
Is this your card?
Yeah, I use that brand.
So what?
So, can you explain
what it was doing
in the possession
of Commander Burrows?
I don't know.
Maybe he came to my show,
and I did a trick for him.
Kept the card
as a souvenir.
Do you know how many shows I do
on that boat?
Okay, Houdini.
You remember her?
Yeah. Waitress.
She used to work on the ship.
- How well did you know her?
- Not very well.
Well, that's interesting,
considering the love notes
we found on the ship
message board.
We also found 50,000
in cash in your cabin.
Allison had a lot of cash
on her when she died.
Where'd you get it?
Tips.
No, uh, we saw
your act online.
You're not that good.
You probably got that money
from selling drugs.
We looked into
your record.
Your real record.
Christopher Blaze is
just a stage name.
Your real name is
Chris Branzato,
and you have a rap sheet
a mile long
- for drug trafficking.
- And what happened?
Allison find out where the
money was really coming from?
She threatened to expose you
and you killed her.
And then later,
you killed Burrows
when he came around
asking questions.
No, no. I didn't kill anyone.
Got any, uh,
tricks up your sleeve,
now would be
a good time to use them.
Okay, yes.
I was selling drugs.
With Allison.
We were partners.
We sold mostly harmless stuff,
like ED meds.
The older guests pop 'em
like Tic Tacs.
But the night Allison died,
she said she was going down
to the engine room.
Why the engine room?
It's where we kept our stash.
She went down there,
but never came back.
I swear I didn't kill Allison
or Burrows.
In fact, I can prove it.
I have an alibi.
Not for Burrows' death,
you don't.
No. We, uh, we checked.
You weren't scheduled to perform
that night.
Yeah, but the guy who was
scheduled got food poisoning,
and I filled in
at the last minute.
I performed in front of
500 people.
That's 500 witnesses
who can vouch for me.
How's that for
a magic trick?
I just made your case disappear.
God, I hate magicians.
Where's the playing card?
Has anyone taken it
out of the evidence bag?
Kasie, relax, relax.
It's still sealed and safe.
What's going on?
I finished analyzing the stains
I found on the card.
Turns out
the card wasn't the clue.
It's what was on the card
that's important.
What was on it?
Trace elements
of hazardous waste.
We're talking
seriously toxic stuff.
What is toxic waste doing
on a cruise ship with seniors?
The toxic waste I found
is called EAFD,
or electric arc furnace dust.
It's a by-product
of steel production
and contains hazardous elements
like lead and chromium.
In other words,
stuff you wouldn't normally find
on a cruise ship.
Definitely not on the lido deck.
This stuff is highly toxic
and very hard to dispose of.
Unless, of course, you're
in the middle of the ocean
with no one watching.
You think someone
on the ship
- was dumping it?
- Possibly.
A lot of industrial companies
would pay good money
to find an easy way
to dispose of this stuff.
So the ship was dumping
toxic waste.
Commander Burrows comes along,
discovers it, and then what?
Puts it on a playing card?
Must've used whatever he had
to collect a sample.
Before he could tell anyone,
he was killed.
So whoever was doing the dumping
could be our killer.
If you want to
find this guy,
your best bet is to figure out
how he got the waste aboard
in the first place.
Parker.
You're kidding me.
Yeah, but can't you just...
Be-- No.
No, no, I get it.
Okay, we got a problem.
The CEO of the cruise line
finally got the Coast Guard
to release the ship.
They're leaving in three hours.
It's a crime scene.
He can't do that.
There's got to be
- some way we can fight this.
- We tried.
But by that time,
the ship will be long gone
in international waters.
And so could our killer.
Yes, I need
inspection reports
for everything
that left port that day.
Come on, Jonesy.
I'm just asking for you
and your Coast Guard buddies
to stall the ship a little.
You know, block it
with a tugboat or something.
Took long enough, but I got
the dock surveillance footage.
Great. Well, take some of
these cargo manifests,
'cause I don't even know
what I'm reading anymore.
Thanks, I owe you one.
All right, I think
I bought us some time.
- How we doing?
- Not good.
The day the ship departed,
there were hundreds of supplies
that were loaded on board.
They could've smuggled it in
anywhere.
We're talking about toxic waste
here, not cigarette cartons.
Focus on large pallets.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
We were going a little
stir-crazy at the house,
so I figured we'd visit.
Although, I don't know.
Th-this might
not be a good time.
Oh, well, yeah.
We're kind of
in the middle of something.
We're in a bit of
a time crunch here.
Got a lead?
Maybe we could help.
Uh, if you're offering,
we'll take it.
Grab a manifest
and look through 'em.
- What are we looking for?
- Inconsistencies.
Anything that doesn't belong
on a pleasure cruise.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Yeah.
Everything okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I think so.
I'm-I'm not gonna lie,
what you said hurt,
but it got Mom and me
to open up.
It felt like,
for the first time,
we actually listened
to each other.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That's great, that's great.
Yeah. Thank you for telling me
what I needed to hear.
Huh.
What-what-what is that program?
It's not a program.
That's surveillance,
uh, footage
from the docks,
that's everything
that was loaded on the ship.
Well, in that case it is wrong,
because that
was not on the ship.
McDougal's Ginger Ale?
They didn't have ginger ale?
No, no,
they had ginger ale.
They just didn't have
McDougal's.
- Are you sure, Mom?
- Oh, yes, I'm sure.
McDougal's is my favorite.
But they only had Bulworth's,
uh, which I absolutely hate.
Always gives me the winds.
That's true.
No, I'm telling you,
that was not on the ship.
They don't keep ginger ale
in 55-gallon drum barrels.
No, but they do keep
toxic waste.
I ran the plate
on the delivery truck.
It's registered to a company
called Peterson Waste Management
in D.C.
Take Torres, find out who they
were working with on the ship,
and hurry up.
Wait, did I just...
did I just crack the case?
I just cracked the
case, didn't I?
So, how long is this gonna take?
Look, I-I-- The ship is
about to leave soon,
- and I gotta get back.
- You're not gonna make it.
You recognize this man?
No.
His name is Jake Peterson.
He runs
a waste management company
that was illegally
dumping toxic waste.
With your help.
Look, no, no, no.
He-- You got this wrong.
Stop the denial.
Peterson already confessed
that the two of you smuggled in
over 500 barrels.
He even had tapes of the two
of you discussing the deal.
- Lucky for us.
- Yeah,
but not so lucky for you.
It was his idea.
He called me up
and asked me
if I wanted to make
some-some extra cash.
I figured why not.
Easy money.
No one gets hurt.
Except for Allison Howell
and, uh, Roger Burrows, right?
No, no. No.
That-that wasn't
supposed to happen.
Allison went down
to the engine room
and witnessed you dumping
the waste, didn't she?
But killing those people
wasn't my idea.
Then whose idea was it?
Anybody needs me,
I'll be on the bridge.
Excuse me? Captain Finch.
NCIS. Mind if we have a word?
Well, make it quick, gentlemen.
We're about to push off.
Eh, shouldn't take long.
We just, uh, talked to
your security officer.
Yeah, I heard you brought
Granger in for questioning.
So, he's responsible
for those deaths?
Ah... no.
But you are.
I'm sorry?
Granger gave you up,
told us about
how you killed Allison Howell
and Commander Burrows.
Me? That's ridiculous.
Allison saw Granger dumping
the toxic waste.
Went to you to report it.
And instead of doing
the right thing, you got greedy
and asked Granger
for a piece of the pie.
Only thing left was to make sure
Allison didn't talk.
So you killed her.
And when Burrows came
asking questions,
you killed him, too.
And the captain here thought
he was in the clear
until he learned about Judy.
Then you got scared.
You thought she might
know something.
You needed her gone.
Right, but you were stuck
on the ship,
so you called Jake Peterson
to handle things.
This is absurd.
I don't have time for this.
Pretty soon time is
all you're gonna have.
I don't think so.
evidence.
All you have is Granger's word
against mine.
That, and...
the murder weapon.
Found this in your cabin.
You know what this is,
old-fashioned navigation tool
called a divider caliper.
The fang maker.
See, the thing is,
the pointed ends here
match the puncture wounds we
found on Burrows' neck exactly.
You messed up, Captain.
Never keep a souvenir
of a murder.
Looks like Zenith Cruise Line
is gonna need a new captain.
Good work, people.
Couldn't have done it
without Judy.
Yeah. You got that right.
Hey, uh, Parker.
Something I can help you with,
Agent Torres?
Yeah, about this, uh,
Bandium app.
I read your post.
You did?
I thought you could've been
more original,
but, uh, I've heard worse.
- So you're not upset?
- I get it.
I'm the new guy,
which means I'm gonna come up
with a lot of new ideas.
But the whole point of the app
was to get us talking,
which we're doing now.
And if you have
a problem with me,
uh, say it to my face.
I will do that.
- Good.
- Anyone up for a burger?
I'm buying.
I could eat.
Yeah, me, too.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where you going?
What? Somebody's got
to stay here
and finish these case reports.
Right.
I'm just messing with you.
You can do it tomorrow.
Come on.
Here you go, Harold.
Mom, are you sure
you don't want to stay?
The repairs at your condo aren't
gonna be done for a while.
Oh, no. This is for best.
Especially for Tim.
Besides, Harold and I have
to make up for lost time.
Yeah, you and Harold
getting back together.
Didn't see that one coming.
You know, what Harold did
was quite romantic,
if you think about it.
Impersonating a delivery guy
to sneak into our house?
He's very creative.
Oh.
Ooh, okay, we got to scoot.
We don't want to be late
for our meeting
with the travel agent.
Travel agent?
- Where you going?
- We're going on safari.
Africa.
Africa?
Oh, I was planning
on telling you about it.
Well, you-you have
a wonderful time, Mom.
Thank you.
I love you.
- I love you.
- I love you, too.
Thank you.
You're the best.
Now, I will email you
the entire itinerary.
I promise.
Bye.
Bye, love you.
Bye, love you, too.
Africa.
You handled that well.
I did, didn't I?
I'm proud of you.
I'm not gonna get an email,
am I?
No, I don't think we're
ever gonna hear from them.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org